Add aws serverless application template page (#1943)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/templates/serverless-application/_index.md

---
title: Serverless Templates
layout: overview
description: Pulumi program templates are the fastest way to deploy serverless applications and serverless functions on AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Templates come with predefined infrastructure as code so you can get started instantly.
meta_desc: Pulumi program templates that make it easy to deploy serverless applications on AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.
meta_image: meta.png
weight: 1
---

### What are serverless applications?

> [Serverless](/serverless) applications are scalable, highly available web backends and APIs that use managed services like Function as a Service (FaaS). Serverless computing enables you to build and run applications and services without having to provision, scale, and manage any servers yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What are serverless applications?

[Serverless](/serverless) applications use cloud services that feature automatic scaling, built-in high availability, and pay-for-use billing models, allowing you to build and run applications without having to provision, scale, and manage any servers yourself.
```
